Starting stateboard instance (#97)
tarantool/ansible-cartridge: README.md

* `config` (`dict`, required): [instance configuration](#instances);
* `restarted` (`boolean`, optional, default: `false`): indicates that instance must be forcedly restarted;
* `expelled` (`boolean`, optional, default: `false`): boolean flag that indicates if instance must be expelled from topology;
* `stateboard` (`boolean`, optional, default: `false`): boolean flag that indicates

>    that instance is a [stateboard](#stateboard-instance);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   that the instance is a [stateboard](#stateboard-instance);
```

section-2:
  key-21: value-21-new  # body was replaced
```

### Stateboard instance

> Stateboard is a tarantool state provider for stateful failover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stateboard is a Tarantool state provider for stateful failover.
```

> It's delivered with an application RPM/DEB package - if application contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is delivered within an application's RPM/DEB package, if the application contains the
```

> `stateboard.init.lua` file in it's root, the application package contains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`stateboard.init.lua` file in its root. In this case, the application package contains the
```

> `/etc/systemd/system/<appname>-stateboard.service` unit faile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/etc/systemd/system/<appname>-stateboard.service` unit file.
```

> It starts tarantool stateboard instance with an entry point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It starts a Tarantool stateboard instance with an entry point
```

`/usr/share/tarantool/<appname>/stateboard.init.lua`.

> This instance looks for it's configuration in `<appname>-stateboard` section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instance looks for its configuration in the `<appname>-stateboard` section
```

> across all files in `/etc/tarantool/conf.d` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
across all files in the `/etc/tarantool/conf.d` directory.
```

> This instance can be started using this role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This instance can be started using the [Tarantool Cartridge Ansible role](https://github.com/tarantool/ansible-cartridge).
```

> To mark instance as a stateboard `stateboard` flag is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark an instance as a stateboard, use the `stateboard` flag.
```

> Stateboard instance is started as `<app_name>-stateboard` systemd service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A stateboard instance is started as a systemd service named `<app_name>-stateboard`.
```

Stateboard can be configured using the `config` variable.
This variable describes stateboard parameters that would be passed to its
configuration.

> **Note** that `cartridge_defaults` params don't affect stateboard instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** `cartridge_defaults` params don't affect a stateboard instance.
```

> #### Required config parameters

Reviewer 2: What about lock_delay parameter? (it's optional)

Author: I sure that we need a link to stateboard doc here.

* `listen` - stateboard instance URI.

>   It must be specified in `<host>:<port>` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It must be specified in the `<host>:<port>` format.
```
